As the sun sets in Steve Job's Life, he gave the world one 
last gift. "The World's six best Doctors" - By Steve Jobs.

This is his final essay: 

"I reached the pinnacle of success in the business
world. In some others' eyes, my life is the epitome
of success. However, aside from work, I have little 
joy. In the end, my wealth is only a fact of life 
that I am accustomed to.

At this moment, lying on my bed and recalling my life,
I realize that all the recognition and wealth 
that I took so much pride in have paled
and become meaningles in the face of my death.

You can employ someone to drive the car for you,
make money for you, but you cannot have someone 
bear your sickness for you. Material things lost 
can be found or replace. But there is one thing 
that can never be found when it's lost-Life.

Whichever stage in life you're in right now, with time, 
you will face the day when the curtain falls. Treasure
love for your family, love for your spouse, love for 
your friends.

Treat yourself well and cherish others.

As we grow older, and hopefully wiser, we realize that
a $3000 or a $30 watch both tell the same time. You will
realize that your true inner happiness does not come from
things of this world. Whether you fly first class or economy, 
if the plane goes down-you to down with it.

Therefore, I hope you realize, when you have mates, buddies 
and old friends, brothers and sisters, who you chat with, 
laugh with, talk with, sing with, talk about north-south-east-west 
or heaven and earth, that is true happiess!

Don't educate your children to be rich. Educate them to 
be happy. So when they grow up they will know the value 
of things and not the price.

Eat your food as your medicine, otherwise you have to eat 
medicine as your food.

The One who loves you will never leave you for another because,
enen if there are 100 reasons to give up, he or she will find
a reason to hold on.

There is a big difference between a human being and being human,
Only a few really understand it.

You are loved when you are born. You will be loved when you die.
In between, you have to manage

The six best doctors in the world are sunlight, rest, exercise, 
diet, self-confidence, and friends. 

Maintain them in all stages and enjoy a healthy life!"
